Avoid unnecessary rinfo calls after creating gateways (#909)
pytest-dev/pytest-xdist: changelog/907.bugfix.rst

> Avoid unnecessary remote calls during node startup, which might trigger a bug in execnet that causes
> tests to execute in threads other than the main thread.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Avoid remote calls during startup as execnet by default does not ensure remote affinity with the main thread and accidentially sheduling the pytest worker into a non main thread breaks numerous frameworks.
For example asyncio, anyio, pyqt/pyside.

A more safe correction will require thread affinity in execnet.
```
